Add the `Introducing Daily Challenges` news post (#11839)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-07-25-introducing-daily-challenges.md

---
layout: post
title: Introducing Daily Challenges

> date: 2024-07-25 00:10:00 +0000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2024-07-25 01:30:00 +0000
```

---

A new way to play the game!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-07-25-introducing-daily-challenges/banner.jpg)

By popular demand, osu! will be taking a page from the books of other games. Watch [pishifat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3178418) explain what's happening along with [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) in the video below, or read on for the quick summary.

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VIDEO_ID" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

---

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-07-25-introducing-daily-challenges/cup-of-the-day-comment.jpg)

With support from almost 3,000 of you in the comments of [a previous YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUSxEjQQ1UI), **daily challenges** are now live!

These are daily featured beatmaps accessible from the "play" section of the main menu, where anyone can compete with live updates.

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-07-25-introducing-daily-challenges/daily-challenge-screen.jpg)

> Each day will introduce one new map with increased difficulty, resetting after a week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each day will introduce one new map with increased difficulty, resetting every Monday.
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-07-25-introducing-daily-challenges/daily-challenge-calendar.png?1)

> After passing the beatmap of the day, it will be counted towards "daily challenge" totals on the profile (which are updated once per day).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After passing the beatmap of the day, it will be counted towards "daily challenge" totals on the profile (which are updated at the end of each day).
```
